
zZipline, Inc. User Agreement

Here’s the deal: to save you time, the words below mean something to our lawyers. The point is that we want you to love using zZipline, and we’re going to do everything we can to make that happen. But since everyone isn’t necessarily as cool as you are, we need to be sure we’re all on the same page. You shouldn’t find anything here that you wouldn’t normally blast past on another site.

By the way, if we say “we,” we mean zZipline, Inc. If we say “you,” we mean you, the zZipline user.

Definitions:

Whenever you see these words, they mean:

“Account” means a holding account at Pulaski Financial Services Inc.
“Partners” means someone we do business with in order to bring zZipline to the marketplace.
“zZipline” means our corporate entity, zZipline, Inc. and the software, application and business methods owned and used by zZipline.
“zZipline User”, “You”, or “Your” means you.
“Pulaski Financial Services” is a US chartered bank headquartered in St. Louis County, Missouri.
Conduct:

You agree that in no way will zZipline be used to transmit funds in association or for payment of illegal goods or services. This means stuff like illegal substances, pyramid schemes, prostitution, stolen goods, gambling, or any type of money laundering, and a bunch of other things that could get you locked up. If we find out that you’re doing or did this sort of stuff, we’ll suspend your Account. Or in formal terms: zZipline will not be a party to the transfer of funds in association with illegal goods and services.

You agree that you’re not going to lie to us and use a false identity or defraud us or other users. You agree that if we find out you’re doing this sort of lying, we might (and probably will) sue you.

You can only use zZipline in the United States. If you can’t provide a valid US address, phone number, bank account, and tax identification number, we want you to know that we might go ahead and permanently suspend the account. This is for your protection, not to annoy you.

Identity:

You agree to allow zZipline, directly or through third parties, to ask others, such as your bank, anything that is legal and that we think is necessary to validate your identity. To do that, we might ask for more information to validate bank account ownership, identity, and transaction authorization. This is just to protect you. If there’s a hiccup and we can’t find enough information to verify everything, we might go ahead and suspend an account. If we have evidence that you’re lying, we might go ahead and suspend the account forever - that’s right, forever.

Debt/Bills:

You agree that if you end up with unpaid debts or bills to other users, they may use documentation within zZipline to try and collect that debt. They might use things like unpaid unpaid invoices or anything else we put out there. Most importantly - at least to us - you agree that zZipline will not be held liable for any losses or debts incurred during your experience with other zZipline Users. We went ahead and used the full legalese there because that one is real important.

Login / Password / PIN:

You promise that you’re not going to share your password or PIN with anyone else. And just so you know, zZipline will never call you by phone or email you and ask for your password or PIN number. Don’t fall for it if someone claims they’re us and they ask! You agree that if you’re going to share private information with other people, businesses, or entities that you’re not going to hold zZipline liable for losses or problems that come up. Bottom line: you have to be careful out there!

Also, you agree that you’re OK if zZipline communicates your information to your Financial Institution or any of their service providers.

Dual Login Sessions:

We’re not cool with dual login sessions for personal account users. If we see that you’re doing that, we’ll disconnect both user accounts and ask you to revalidate the account. It’s for your own protection.

Account Suspension:

zZipline retains the right to close, suspend, or limit account activity at any time. That means we might:

close, suspend, or limit your access to your account and refuse to provide service to you in the future;
contact Users who you have paid and who have paid you or purchased goods or services from you, contact your bank or credit card issuer, and/or warn other Users, law enforcement, or impacted third parties of your actions;
hold your funds for up to 90 Days if reasonably needed to protect against the risk of liability;
take legal action against you; and
we also reserve the right to terminate this Agreement, access to our website, or access to our services for any reason and at any time. If we do that, we’ll give you notice and return any of your unrestricted funds that we are holding in custody for you.
We promise to notify you if we suspend your Account, restrict your use of our services, limit access to your Account, including through a Reserve or hold, but we’ll also give you the opportunity to request restoration of access if we think it is appropriate. You are acknowledging that whenever we make these sorts of decisions, we could be using confidential information that is essential to managing risk and maintaining security. We don’t want to take these steps, and this sounds pretty heavy handed, but in order to keep everyone as safe as possible, we can take these steps whenever we think that it’s in everyone’s best interest and we might not disclose the details of our risk management or security procedures.

Returns:

If you try to send money on zZipline that your bank tells us you do not have, it causes us to go through the process managing a return item. Any time this occurs, we will charge you $20.00 – you give us permission to take this from any bank account you have verfied with zZipline.

If you receive money through zZipline, and it turns out that the person or entity sending it to you didn’t have the money – we will take it back. We can do this without notifying you. So that means that you’re only liable for the amount that the sending party sent you. You also agree that zZipline (or one of our associates) can recover the money by debiting your account. But if you don’t have enough to cover the money in the Account, then the Account will be suspended and, unless you fund the Account with enough money within 24 business hours, you agree that we can debit your financial institution.

Holds:

If we believe that there’s something odd going on and that a transaction is inappropriate or has risk of being fraudulent, then you agree that we can place a hold on the transfer until everything is cleared up.

No Dispute Resolution:

zZipline does NOT provide a dispute resolution service. In other words, if you pay for a product or service on zZipline, and you later find that the product or service is not what you expected, all disputes are between you and the other zZipline user. This matter is covered more fully in the Terms and Conditions upon which you will agree each time you pay on zZipline.

Logging:

In order to make sure everyone’s privacy is secure and that our products are doing what they’re supposed to, we’re going to record certain information about you and your transactions. This might be information like OS, IP address, usage, and so on.

Multiple Accounts Prohibited:

OK, only one Account per person. It’s that simple. You agree that you will only use the on one Account. If we find out that you’re using multiple accounts with inconsistent identification criteria that isn’t yours, you better believe we’re going to help state and federal enforcement, because if we didn’t, we might be helping you commit crimes. We consider using multiple accounts as fraud.

Access and protection of Account information:

Please take proper care of protecting your Account information and access to it. This is serious stuff; you’re transferring money. We keep some or all of your info with our trust partner, Pulaski Financial Services, Inc. We can’t be held responsible for any losses or liability related to yours’ or others’ misuse of Account information.

Representation:

We promise that we’ll act on your behalf to our banking institutions. You agree that we can do this. But you agree that the information you’re providing us is accurate and valid. You agree that if you give us bad information, and that ends up in a fine or penalty from the bank, that you are responsible for that and any sort of legal action that comes up as a result.

No Endorsement or Guarantee:

Just because you use zZipline and certain people or companies are present on zZipline, we are not endorsing or guaranteeing any individual or company with whom you transact. If we don’t say it here on this site, it isn’t something we will stand behind.

zZipline Updates:

We have to push out updates and do system maintenance from time to time, and that may cause an aspect of the system to be inaccessible from time to time. We promise to try and do this during statistically slow periods and for as short of a period as possible. We’re sorry if that causes a hassle on your end, but we have to be sure we’re operating in tip-top shape and can’t be liable for costs incurred as a result.

Warranty:

We are trying to build something really useful and cool; something that will hopefully change your life for the better. But we’re really not in the warranty business. We don’t provide warranties, either explicitly or implicitly. We don’t warrant the services that we provide or the goods and services that are provided through zZipline.

Force Majeure:

This is a legal boilerplate section that basically just says that if there’s an extraordinary event (weather, war, etc.) that is beyond our control, we aren’t liable for losses or damages you incur.

Notifications:

We’re saving the paper and saving you money by sending all statements and notifications electronically or making them available online, and you agree to that.

Entire Agreement:

Here’s more legalese. The rest of this paragraph just says that this is the agreement; nothing else you’ve read or heard somewhere else, even if it’s on another page of our site, this is everything that is our official agreement. This agreement encompasses the entire agreement between you and zZipline, and supersedes all previous oral or written understandings and agreements. You agree that you have not relied on any representation, assertion, guarantee, warranty, collateral contract, or other assurance, except those set out in this agreement, made by or on behalf of any other party or any other person or entity whatsoever, prior to the execution of this agreement. The parties hereby waive all rights and remedies, at law or in equity, arising or which may arise as the result of a parties reliance on such representation, assertion, guarantee, warranty, collateral contract, or other assurance, provided that nothing herein shall be construed as a restriction or limitation of said parties right to remedies associated with the gross negligence, willful misconduct of fraud of any person, or party taking place prior to, or contemporaneously with, the execution of this agreement.

Jurisdiction/Venue/Choice of Law:

If we get in a dispute that can’t be resolved between us, we both agree that we will use Missouri law and The Circuit Court of the County of St. Louis, Missouri. You can’t resort to dispute resolution under this clause for any purchase or transaction involving virtual currency or a virtual product, such as credits, downloads, PDFs, or mp3s.

Each party will be responsible for its own attorney’s fees and court costs – subject to the terms of each payment contained within the zZipline application.